CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to this repository

Thank you for your interest in contributing!
For any specific questions or suggestions, feel free to create a new issue with specific details.

## Development environment setup
1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository and [clone your fork](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) onto your machine.
2. Make sure you have the latests versions of [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed.
3. In the command line terminal, navigate to the root directory of your local clone.
4. Run `npm install` to install all the development dependencies of this project.
5. Run `gulp` to begin developing! For more information on a gulp-based workflow, [click here](https://gulpjs.com/).
6. When you are finished with all the changes, save your work, and run `gulp build` to complete your changes for production, then commit and push all files to your forked repositroy.


## Making a Pull Request
1. When you've finished making your changes, make sure your local clone is up-to-date.
2. Pull (or fetch and merge) down code from the `master` branch of the original repository.
3. Resolve any merge conflicts.
4. Create a pull request from your forked repository into the `development` branch of the original repository.
5. Please follow the pull request template and include specific details about your pull request.

Commit message:

Made a Navbar Component  to start working with

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to this repository

Thank you for your interest in contributing!
For any specific questions or suggestions, feel free to create a new issue with specific details.

## Development environment setup
1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository and [clone your fork](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) onto your machine.
2. Make sure you have the latests versions of [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed.
3. In the command line terminal, navigate to the root directory of your local clone.
4. Run `npm install` to install all the development dependencies of this project.
5. Run `npm run build` to bundle the code.
6. Run `npm run dev` to begin developing.
7. Open browser and enter `http://localhost:8080` as the URL.
8. When you are finished with all the changes, save your work, and run `npm run build` re-bundle all changes for production, and `npm start` to see production-ready app at `http://localhost:8000`.
9. Commit and push all files to your forked repositroy.


## Making a Pull Request
1. When you've finished making your changes, make sure your local clone is up-to-date.
2. Pull (or fetch and merge) down code from the `master` branch of the original repository.
3. Resolve any merge conflicts.
4. Create a pull request from your forked repository into the `development` branch of the original repository.
5. Please follow the pull request template and include specific details about your pull request.
